What will it consist of?
  Various (docker) containers with required interoperability functionalities
  1 reference testbed + processes (during project) For certification purposes and for developers to test their components
  only 1 reference implementation per component - different instanciations for the different security levels
  Part of GitHub repository: installation scripts and instructions on how to set it up, integration test cases
  Starting point: small ecosystem with reliable components that allows to connect with the outside, even if it´s manually, and start operating
  
How will it work?
  Open Source
  Easy to install - not too many requirements, dependencies
  companies can use their own connector
  Automatically deployed
  continous integration environment
  only validated components can enter the testbed
  Link to repository with components code (no copy of code needed)
  Define working processes for future developments
  Starting point: only "positive" tests

How will new (versions of) components be integrated?
  Individual component assessment prior to integration in testbed
  New versions need to be validated against specifications by testing them individually and integrating them in the testbed
  Define Validation process + integration test cases
  Installation manual and user manual need to be complete
  
Infrastructure to run Testbed
  Monitoring tools: to check if testbed is up and running correctly and all endpoints are available
  Testbed: easy to install by fulfilling minimum requirements
  Testcenter: concrete infrastructure requirements out of scope

What do we want to test?
  6 different infrastructure components (connectors) - in scope of this project.
  1st step: base connector. 2nd step: base broker
  Final goal: test all other infrastructure components (not in scope for this project).
  
Open topics
  Describe ecosystem (orchestration of components) semantically? Part of this project? (IDS)
  Resulting testbed available on GitHub - who´s taking care of maintainance?
  How Feedback from activities performed by component on testbed should be provided? Separate service?



